Nikolaj Coster-Waldau worked with the Fox Broadcasting Company.
Roman Atwood is a content creator.
History of art includes architecture, dance, sculpture, music, painting, poetry literature, theatre, narrative, film, photography and graphic arts.
Adrienne Bailon is an accountant.
System of a Down briefly disbanded in limbo.
Homeland is an American television spy thriller based on the Israeli television series Prisoners of War.
Beautiful reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2003.
Neal Schon was named in 1954.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at TD Garden.
The Ten Commandments is an epic film.
Tetris has sold millions of physical copies.
Cyndi Lauper won the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985.
There is a movie called The Hunger Games.
Ryan Gosling has been to a country in Africa.
Stranger Things is set in Bloomington, Indiana.
Ryan Seacrest is a person.
Puerto Rico is not an unincorporated territory of the United States.
Michael Giacchino composed the score for Doctor Strange.
Stranger than Fiction is a film.
Chris Hemsworth appeared in A Perfect Getaway.
Selena recorded music.
John Wick: Chapter 2 was theatrically released in the Oregon.
Robert J. O'Neill was born April 10, 1976.
Afghanistan is the source of the Kushan dynasty.
Marilyn Monroe worked with Warner Brothers.
The Silence of the Lambs was a film starring Scott Glenn.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a Egyptian film released in 1986.
Andy Roddick lost 5 Master Series between 2002 and 2010.
As the Vietnam War raged in 1969, Yoko Ono and her husband John Lennon did not have two week-long Bed-Ins for Peace.
Tupac Shakur was born Lesane Parish Crooks.
Harold Ramis was a veteran.
The Jim Henson Company produced The Muppet Movie, The Dark Crystal, and Labyrinth.
United Nations was relocated to the United States in 1945.
Whoopi Goldberg co-produced an American dance tournament.
Slovenia uses the euro.
Iowa is a part of the Midwestern United States.
Keith Urban is a person who sings.
Hotell is owned by Lisa Langseth.
Saratoga is an American film from 1937.
J. Howard Marshall was a baby.
Grace Jones is a dancer.
Lisbon has a population larger than 1.
Willie Nelson dropped out of college after three years.
Malcolm Young was the co-founder of Australian hard rock band AC/DC.
Nice & Slow is a jazz single.
Newfoundland and Labrador is the most linguistically homogeneous of Canada.
Furia is adapted from a short story by Anna Politkovskaya.
One state of the United States has Russia to its west.
Sophie Turner was born in the 1990s.
Mother Teresa was made a saint by the church.
The Smurfs (film) was released.
C. S. Forester's first name was Carl.
Kong: Skull Island is a book.
The Challenge was a scripted show.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
South Korea has a highly educated workforce.
Jimmy Carter led the international boycott of the 2010 Olympics.
Hulk(comics) is a cooking recipe published by Marvel Comics recipe books.
Hacksaw Ridge came out in America on November 4, 2016.
The blue-ringed octopus hunts sharks.
Buddy Holly's dog's name was Tito Rodriguez.
Michael Fassbender is an actor.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Richard Eyre was born on an island.
Paul Bettany has played Vision in at least two works.
Scotland's Hebrides is widespread and diverse with many islands.
Ricky Martin has cried on TV.
Uzbekistan is a part of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS).
Paul Wesley is a professional alias.
Charles, Prince of Wales is patron of numerous other organizations.
Chester Bennington is not a singer.
Vincent Cassel played Jacques Mesrine in at least two films.
Pope John Paul II co-stars many actors besides Christopher Lee.
David Beckham has zero middle names.
Indiana Jones has only been portrayed by Harrison Ford.
Brian Wilson was part of the Beach Boys.
The Existence of God has been argued through the Five Ways.
The Great Gatsby centers on a youthful person with over a million dollars.
Shane Black and Chris Miller wrote Iron Man 3.
La La Anthony was conceived on June 25th, 1979.
Led Zeppelin is a band.
Richard Harris was born on October 25, 2002.
The Fosters is a television series.
Blair is Jonathan Hensleigh's middle name.
Filmfare is about cheese.
Buckingham Palace lacks brightly colored scagliola.
Sarah Paulson makes an appearance in What Women Want.
David Harbour is an American.
Nicole Scherzinger toured 15 times.
The terrain of Kazakhstan includes taiga.
Sade (singer) has a song called London.
José María Chacón surrendered the island of Trinidad in 1797, one year before his death.
Liverpool F.C. was valued at $1.55 billion at one point.
Land Rover makes cars.
Sully is a form of media.
Stanley Tucci performed in an television series.
Martin Scorsese worked on commission.
Brock Lesnar married Randy Couture.
Snowden's cast includes two actors born in 1934.
Tiger Woods had an uncontested victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
